I'm sorry, I need to treat you a little bit,
If I had known you earlier, I would never have let the society go.
I don’t want to admit that from the moment I set the trend,
It is no longer acceptable.
If I tell you, you keep love alive. What?
Why haven't the citizens moved yet?
When he is really lucky, you will be responsible for the property.
You are out of luck meeting his dad.
Mom, dad is not dead yet,
You are his death, Tian Citizen, is that really okay?
Still talking?
Originally our plan was successful,
Don’t know where to start again?
Since we want this thing that can lead to immortality,
The hand was successful
You want to weigh him but he's not ready yet
It's up to you to get hold of your shares and wealth.
It's all late, mom
There is nothing we can do if this continues
The only way now
I don’t recognize the dead person as the fake dead person.
Just try it and be careful
Don't scare people with you
What's the point of being scary?
I've already made a date with him to death.
Now let him not know
Who doesn’t know when I’m young?
Put provincial shares and property
Don't forget
what did a student do tomorrow